Hello friends who are you
again i'm i'm ric and this punch meaning
to pump tuturial poll about how
twist a bowtie
well or the rest of the knives just my friend
vegetable in cs go to this or very well
like how the butterfly knife is spinning
give now tell you how is it
do so here we start to twist the knife
butterfly or steel knives
you need only about two keys key
f with which we are considering
weapon and letter and p key to which we
recharge simply through alternating these
ffffffff buttons, well, and you are watching
what do we get here honestly sleeping our
professional character Krut
butterfly knife
also works with weapons for something like
year turns out
let's check it out
it and with other knives of legs will interrupt
wave hunting knife just now i
shot a video about these shot a video by clicking on
sound 3 places but now is not about that
We look now with a hunting knife that
get us
Well, now you see that we have
it turns out
Well, in principle, it's all that here
video about how to twist a bow-tie
or other knives
that guys on this all subscribe
put the likes on the channel
Well put likes subscribe to the channel
I repeat to you, I was all Rick
good luck and all bye
he